https://forums.adafruit.com/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=61829

The Arduino side of the Yun is the same as the Leonardo. You have to follow the wiring instructions for Leonardo:

https://learn.adafruit.com/getting-started-with-the-nrf8001-bluefruit-le-breakout/hooking-everything-up#wiring

http://arduino.cc/en/Reference/SPI

Connections

The following table display on which pins the SPI lines are broken out on the different Arduino boards:


Arduino Board		MOSI		MISO		SCK		SS (slave)	SS (master)
Uno or Duemilanove	11 or ICSP-4	12 or ICSP-1	13 or ICSP-3	10		-
Mega1280 or Mega2560	51 or ICSP-4	50 or ICSP-1	52 or ICSP-3	53		-
Leonardo		ICSP-4		ICSP-1		ICSP-3		-		-
Due			ICSP-4		ICSP-1		ICSP-3		-	4, 10, 52


Note that MISO, MOSI, and SCK are available in a consistent physical location on the ICSP header; this is useful, for example, in designing a shield that works on every board.

Note about Slave Select (SS) pin on AVR based boards

All AVR based boards have an SS pin that is useful when they act as a slave controlled by an external master. Since this library supports only master mode, this pin should be set always as OUTPUT otherwise the SPI interface could be put automatically into slave mode by hardware, rendering the library inoperative.
It is, however, possible to use any pin as the Slave Select (SS) for the devices. For example, the Arduino Ethernet shield uses pin 4 to control the SPI connection to the on-board SD card, and pin 10 to control the connection to the Ethernet controller.
Extended SPI functionality for the Due

The Arduino Due's SPI interface works differently than any other Arduino boards. The library can be used on the Due with the same methods available to other Arduino boards or using the extended methods. The extended methods exploits the the SAM3X hardware and allows some interesting features like:
automatic handling of the device slave selection.
automatic handling of different device configurations (clock speed, data mode, etc) so every device can have its own configuration automatically selected.
Arduino Due has three exposed pins for the devices Slave Select (SS) lines (pins 4, 10, and 52).
Due Extended SPI usage

